I don't even know how to thank you
You have helped me so much again.
The promise I said last time still works
If you like.
I can.
Why are you still shy?
Let me say it a second time
Wang Tao Entertainment has fully returned to normal
In addition, Jiangbei Villa Port Army attacked
It's too late
Let's go and see the villa sometime. Okay.
Brother Tianze
Why didn't you come to the live stream last night?
Oh, I'll go.
I forgot about this
Oh, sorry, Xiaoya.
I was busy yesterday and forgot.
Brother Tianze, you are not here
My thanks last night were not only without the owner
And I lost miserably with the opposite PK
that
As compensation
Let me give you a surprise